Zsolt: Bong.
Zsolt: and first of all, and on Saturday
Zsolt: I was here.
Zsolt: and some of you were here as well.
Zsolt: But
Zsolt: Communication was not that obvious.
Zsolt: I guess.
Zsolt: Now, in theory there is class every Wednesday, every Saturday.
Zsolt: unless
Zsolt: someone explicitly tells me that I shouldn't show up.
Zsolt: And this
Zsolt: didn't happen.
Zsolt: Now in your case, what's happening is that you have some some inbox or some cohort
Zsolt: dashboard and the dashboard. It doesn't schedule the class for some reason that as it that is still unknown to me, I asked the customer support. Look into it.
Zsolt: and they all they said was that they corrected it on some level.
Zsolt: and I'm fine with the corrections. That's a temporary measure. But I still don't know how this could could happen
Zsolt: that.
Zsolt: that the notification is off. Sometimes not. Sometimes these things are, gonna be off.
Zsolt: But I'm here the usual times
Zsolt: 6 PM.
Zsolt: Texas time.
Zsolt: CST. Or whatever that is, or CEST. I don't know.
Zsolt: depending on whether it's summer or winter
Zsolt: on Wednesdays, and I think it's 10 Am. On Saturdays. But if I'm mistaken, and there are the slides. All I know is that I have to be there at 4 Pm. My time.
Zsolt: It's 10 Am. Your time.
Zsolt: which is, gonna be different like 5 pm. Soon, because I'll have the daylight saving on like this week up.
Zsolt: Now, this is one thing.
Zsolt: Now, the next thing is that I was thinking a bit ahead, because, you know, some people have to think ahead as well, not just not just react to what happened.
Zsolt: And the
Zsolt: if I'm not mistaken, you're gonna have Easter quite soon. Let's see.
Zsolt: Yeah. March 30. First, yeah.
Zsolt: Because you know, I always have problems with Easter, because, though.
Zsolt: like
Zsolt: when I celebrate well, I don't celebrate Easter in general. But then I should normally celebrate. Easter
Zsolt: is now, march for 30 first, and you know, that's Sunday and April first Monday.
Zsolt: Oh, yeah.
Zsolt: And in some other places. That's the orthodox, you know, they have, like, sometime in may. They have Easter in May like same, but they have Christmas in January as well. So so it's it's like different. But at least we have the same like calendar, same Easter.
Zsolt: Now, this doesn't affect the Saturday session, and this doesn't affect them
Zsolt: Wednesday session, either. So I'll be here on Saturday. That's actually a not exactly a business day for us in Germany, but the shops are open.
Zsolt: So it's there is gonna be like, there are, gonna be continuous sessions.
Zsolt: Okay, I'll mark attendance. And in the meantime, please collect your questions either type them in the chat or unmute yourselves while I'm marking attendance.
Zsolt: And
Zsolt: also, if you need screen sharing, then please prepare that
Zsolt: sewn.
Zsolt: And, by the way, we had had a short session on Wednesday, no, not Wednesday on Saturday. And this session is, gonna be short. And with like that amount you can reverse the recording. We were solving some problems back then.
Zsolt: So
Zsolt: it's gonna be, I think, one and a half hours or so approximately
Zsolt: so. I'm working attendance.
Zsolt: Soul
Zsolt: session to end
Zsolt: today is March
Zsolt: only solved.
Zsolt: This is good news for some of you, because you can catch up
Zsolt: because the march 20 third session and today's session together is gonna make up week week, 2 session.
Zsolt: The boot can be perfectly length on the bike.
Zsolt: like one session.
Zsolt: I'll click
Zsolt: done.
Zsolt: Oh.
Zsolt: then, let me see the chat. The chat is still empty, so this means that everything is fine. You have more questions, I guess.
Zsolt: So what I'm gonna do then
Zsolt: is
Zsolt: soon start sharing my screen.
Zsolt: I'll move the attendance sheet to the other computer. Yeah.
Zsolt: not other computer, other screen.
Zsolt: The.
Zsolt: let me see.
Zsolt: Google is on
Zsolt: and sharing my screen
Zsolt: at least the first 3 out of 2.
Zsolt: And here
Zsolt: and visual studio code.
Zsolt: a visual studio code.
Zsolt: Yeah, that's
Zsolt: something we can close
Zsolt: roots.
Zsolt: HDMI, Css. Webinar.
Zsolt: it's different.
Zsolt: That's October node.
Zsolt: That's something we can close. That's the February cohort.
Zsolt: What else do we have? That's it. March? HTML, css.
Zsolt: so we got started with the invas at the HTML,
Zsolt: we have wireframes.
Zsolt: We have the indesert. HTML, we have user stories.
Zsolt: So that's where we left off. I guess
Zsolt: I stop screen sharing for a moment, because I need to get the document then.
Zsolt: But for some reason it's not letting me stop
Zsolt: the screen now. It's fine
Zsolt: goods.
Zsolt: Bum
Zsolt: drives of google.com
Zsolt: though
Zsolt: the HDMI Css notes
Zsolt: and also Github.
Zsolt: So we did user stories. We did wire frames already.
Zsolt: It's also on Github.
Zsolt: Now I can share my screen one.
Zsolt: and we understood the bit workflow
Zsolt: github pages hosting. We practice this extensively with like multiple accounts.
Zsolt: We did user stories. We did wireframes.
Zsolt: and we started the basic HDMI. Now today.
Zsolt: Continue with building
Zsolt: at least the HTML, but also more like Css. And other things as well.
Zsolt: So that's what's coming today
Zsolt: and well, regarding HTML, Css. And everything else.
Zsolt: you will need some practice as well. So there are some courses for that.
Zsolt: And you will need to use some of those horses, obviously
Zsolt: make some progress.
Zsolt: Okay.
Zsolt: now.
Zsolt: HTML,
Zsolt: so HDMI stands for hypertext markup language. That's something you've heard of.
Zsolt: The.
Zsolt: it's. It basically gives you the structure of a document.
Zsolt: What does it mean that it's it's a structure of a document. Well.
Zsolt: there is obviously structure that you define. Like. For example, in this document, specifically, we have a title. We have paragraphs we have, like some growth text and some other things as well. There's a structure styling is something else.
Zsolt: So when it comes to styling.
Zsolt: you have an other
Zsolt: type of
Zsolt: type of language that is called Css. Css. Is like a
Zsolt: cascading style sheets. You will learn that possibly next time.
Zsolt: and when it comes to dynamic behavior it's Javascript.
Zsolt: So HTML. Css. And Javascript. These, these are the main topics that would.
Zsolt: That's we deal with that we learn.
Zsolt: Okay, I'll move the chat to the second screen, just so that
Zsolt: so that it's available.
Zsolt: Okay, now, in case of a document you've you've seen, you've seen the platform like title, body and so on.
Zsolt: We will clean the body.
Zsolt: and we'll build the do the document from the ground up.
Zsolt: Everything starts with structure. So an HTML document usually has a header
Zsolt: don't
Zsolt: confuse header with head. They are different. This is header.
Zsolt: They have one main section.
Zsolt: and they have a full dirt
Zsolt: on top level. This is typical. It's not mandatory. It's just typical.
Zsolt: What's important is that you can only have one main section in the document. But you can have multiple headers, multiple footers, because there can be sections inside of the document
Zsolt: that can have headers or footers, for that matter.
Zsolt: So so far, that's what we did.
Zsolt: And then
Zsolt: I'll
Zsolt: create some
Zsolt: content inside the header.
Zsolt: I'll make this a bit larger. Yeah.
Zsolt: By the way, development tip control A and the letter Z gives you zen mode.
Zsolt: And then you see everything full screen
Zsolt: and we double escape. You get out of it. So control K and ZI think I use this for demonstration purposes. Otherwise I would have problems with my quote formative.
Zsolt: Another issue is that in my specific situation
Zsolt: and the paragraph, for example, like.
Zsolt: you know what I just write Lauren 25.
Zsolt: This gives you 2025 verse of paramet. So you see that the code auto formats it, or the visual studio could auto formats it in my case, because I have the
Zsolt: prettier auto formatter. But my ruler is a hundred 20 characters, long 120. That's a lot.
Zsolt: and as I. Co. If I copy, paste this to your document, you will not like it.
Zsolt: So for this reason
Zsolt: I'll do a double escape.
Zsolt: But
Zsolt: and I go to my extensions
Zsolt: and search for prettier.
Zsolt: That's a prettier code format, or there it is.
Zsolt: This is what I installed.
Zsolt: and so
Zsolt: them
Zsolt: inside prettier
Zsolt: close. Everything else inside prettier, you might have some settings.
Zsolt: Seems like it's an adjacent file.
Zsolt: Soap.
Zsolt: configuration, prettier configuration files.
Zsolt: Open the prettier configuration file.
Zsolt: Actually, that's not what I wanted.
Zsolt: You can use via scope settings to configure prettier.
Zsolt: So visual studio code settings.
Zsolt: This is where we do the configuration
Zsolt: usage.
Zsolt: Command control, shift, P.
Zsolt: No
Zsolt: keep, or short or snow
Zsolt: editor dot format on, save yes.
Zsolt: I just need to see where the configuration file is.
Zsolt: because there is a default configuration file for Visual studio group.
Zsolt: I pasted this visual studio called Settings, or maybe just settings.
Zsolt: But I can also go to the file.
Zsolt: And where is it settings, preferences.
Zsolt: profile settings. There you go. This is settings.
Zsolt: And
Zsolt: text editor is windows, features?
Zsolt: No, not features
Zsolt: security, no extensions. There you go extensions. That's what we need.
Zsolt: and
Zsolt: prettier is one of them.
Zsolt: and inside, pretor we have some settings, that's what I was looking for.
Zsolt: and
Zsolt: bracket spacing no config config, but no
Zsolt: enable and offline.
Zsolt: HTML. Rights-based sensitivity.
Zsolt: Strict white spaces are considered considered sensitive.
Zsolt: I think I use this one this option because this will help us.
Zsolt: So let's go back.
Zsolt: Strict is, gonna be the way to go.
Zsolt: Then you have pretty or ignore.
Zsolt: because if I put some enters in a text. Then they just delete the enter the prettier formatting
Zsolt: water props as needed.
Zsolt: Progma semi
Zsolt: have with these 4 characters. That's important.
Zsolt: hey?
Zsolt: Not projects, not violence. You see, there are so many settings, prettier maintenance at at so much time
Zsolt: or so much effort put into it
Zsolt: some python specifics.
Zsolt: simple browser also. What is this? No.
Zsolt: 9.
Zsolt: And so
Zsolt: and this is the format on, save.
Zsolt: So this is what I had to check myself.
Zsolt: So, editor, not format on, save.
Zsolt: So this is already something, because we have quite a lot of settings.
Zsolt: And same happens for like workspace settings, user settings, workspace settings.
Zsolt: So
Zsolt: you see, this is how this is, how you see what can be configured for pretor
Zsolt: even of editor phone size, tab size, and so on. This is like a common
Zsolt: configuration.
Zsolt: I'm just looking for something called a ruler.
Zsolt: So let's see if I can find the ruler.
Zsolt: No?
Zsolt: Then you know what
Zsolt: we go to chat. But openai.com.
Zsolt: How can I change?
Zsolt: The rulers are prettier
Zsolt: and visual studio code.
Zsolt: prettier dot print with
Zsolt: prettier dot print, with static
Zsolt: open visual studio code file preferences, settings. Yeah, that's where we were
Zsolt: in the settings. But type print with.
Zsolt: that's where we were actually
Zsolt: so settings. But
Zsolt: file
Zsolt: preferences settings.
Zsolt: There you go and print that.
Zsolt: and it says, 120. That's what I wanted to change to. 80
Zsolt: and press enter.
Zsolt: And I think we're done.
Zsolt: So you go back to the Indexation channel and save. And you see now it's 80
Zsolt: 80 characters, which means that this ruler is now respected.
Zsolt: So you see, this is how you find the information. I had no idea how to how to change this setting. I just knew that it's some very visual studio code
Zsolt: and actually chat, Gpt managed to guide me to the correct place.
Zsolt: If you have a similar configuration problem.
Zsolt: you'll be able to solve this problem as well.
Zsolt: For example, how can I add? A second ruler?
Zsolt: And visuals will be opened.
Zsolt: and then
Zsolt: January and January 2022 didn't support multiple users.
Zsolt: But you can use extensions. One is the editor ruler, okay, and open it, install it, and so on. You see, it gave you some
Zsolt: some example, and Editor dot rulers. There you go.
Zsolt: I have the same setting, by the way, with the interduct rulers, and this is the proof that if you check.
Zsolt: this is my second ruler, or that was, you see.
Zsolt: But for now we're going to respect this 80 character limit, and with prettier because it's going to auto form at our code.
Zsolt: This comes handy because
Zsolt: documenting what happened.
Zsolt: No, we have the header. We have the main section. We have the footer.
Zsolt: and inside the header will add.
Zsolt: I had the involvement
Zsolt: or blush
Zsolt: boom.
Zsolt: And
Zsolt: we also have
Zsolt: navigational element law.
Zsolt: but not slashing off.
Zsolt: And this navigational element is gonna have an unorder list inside.
Zsolt: So the way how you create these tags in visuals for your code. So these are called texts open, intact, close, intact.
Zsolt: The way how you create these stacks
Zsolt: is so
Zsolt: is time. For example, UL. Unordered list.
Zsolt: And then you press the tabulator key.
Zsolt: variable.
Zsolt: unordered list and tabulator.
Zsolt: and it generates the rest for you, and the cursor is in the in in between the ul and slash. Well.
Zsolt: and then you have list items. If you want to have 5 list items. Then you write all I times 5 and present every turkey.
Zsolt: There you go. It gives you 5 list items. Isn't that amazing.
Zsolt: even better. You can use parentheses, and you can see that LIA greater than sign which acts as a right arrow and a
Zsolt: as in anchor
Zsolt: and death. Times 12.
Zsolt: You can do all these things, these expressions.
Zsolt: or Emmett abbreviation. So this is called Emmett.
Zsolt: and it it does the following
Zsolt: create list items and anchors inside them, and multiply them by 5, which means I do it 5 times
Zsolt: variable.
Zsolt: bought
Zsolt: the Href attribute of the anchor, which is like the link it points to
Zsolt: is not supplied.
Zsolt: So if you wanted to, you can add this in brackets.
Zsolt: H. Rough equals
Zsolt: Peshmark.
Zsolt: and if you generate this.
Zsolt: We have 5 of these items. I guess if some of you have learned the HTML already.
Zsolt: you know most people don't don't tend to show you these things. They they will open a notepad and start start writing HDMI in there
Zsolt: and do everything manually.
Zsolt: Now the problem with doing everything manually
Zsolt: is that it's quite errable
Zsolt: because oftentimes you don't know.
Zsolt: Booked
Zsolt: is proper. HTML, what is not.
Zsolt: Now in the document. The first
Zsolt: link was a dot, which means there is a current folder.
Zsolt: And then I need to add this, like home phones, features to actual contact.
Zsolt: home
Zsolt: wolves.
Zsolt: features.
Zsolt: workshop.
Zsolt: and contact.
Zsolt: So
Zsolt: if you check this out we have a header
Zsolt: that has a main title, heading one. So this is header, and this is heading.
Zsolt: each one having one. There can only be one heading one in the document.
Zsolt: Then next to it, you have a navigational element.
Zsolt: and inside the navigation element you have an unordered list.
Zsolt: and then you have list items and anchors inside.
Zsolt: So
Zsolt: that's in each this item you have an anchor, and that points somewhere.
Zsolt: I'll give you a 6 time course, so that you can experiment it. So hf, equals https.
Zsolt: google.com. Okay.
Zsolt: but this is a sixth timer.
Zsolt: And let's run the code. Just so that you see what is going on. We click on the top.
Zsolt: Write the con index index. HTML, open with live server.
Zsolt: Now you can see
Zsolt: but 6 menu items.
Zsolt: home space
Zsolt: phone features and so on. You get an extra hash mark, because that's what the link it's called. The it's called by the way as well some sort of a skip link. If we had an Id attribute.
Zsolt: And Google, that is Google, you know, you go to Google.
Zsolt: That's why it's called a hyperlink because you get other links that you can follow.
Zsolt: And so obviously this is just a demonstration that you can use external links as well, but I'll be needing this.
Zsolt: Now comes the weird situation.
Zsolt: namely, that
Zsolt: there is this
Zsolt: unordered list with links.
Zsolt: But if you're observant.
Zsolt: then you must kind of know.
Zsolt: But something is weird in here.
Zsolt: Here you have 5 items.
Zsolt: But why
Zsolt: lie below each other?
Zsolt: Why not next to each other, for instance.
Zsolt: they could have been like next to each other as well.
Zsolt: not like below each other around.
Zsolt: Because
Zsolt: if you check the original wireframe.
Zsolt: okay, it loads. It takes quite a while. So I just
Zsolt: right click on it
Zsolt: and
Zsolt: copy that.
Zsolt: And after copying the path
Zsolt: and just paste the path in here
Zsolt: that also works.
Zsolt: So with the copy path feature, you have this option.
Zsolt: and there you can see that the links themselves are next to each other and not below each other.
Zsolt: So something is weird in here, right
Zsolt: that though
Zsolt: we created the proper representation of the document, and these things are now below each other, and not next to each other.
Zsolt: And you may ask, Okay, fine. But how come? This is happening? Because I expected something different.
Zsolt: But the answer to this
Zsolt: question or this problematic situation is that it's actually not a problematic situation at all.
Zsolt: Because, remember, the beginning of the session, I told you that HTML is not meant to do any styling whatsoever.
Zsolt: The purpose of HTML
Zsolt: is that you do the basic, not styling, but functionality related updates. Functionality
Zsolt: styling will come later.
Zsolt: Styling is another topic.
Zsolt: And that's the
Zsolt: that's the idea. So that's that's how
Zsolt: that's how you work
Zsolt: with the
Zsolt: HTML and Css. Separately
Zsolt: for demonstration purposes. I'm gonna show you some styling. You don't need to remember this
Zsolt: yet.
Zsolt: So it's just a demonstration that don't worry about look and feel it just really
Zsolt: indifferent doesn't matter.
Zsolt: So, for example, in the header you to display flax.
Zsolt: now they are next to each other already, just like in the on the screen.
Zsolt: You have the logo, and then you have the links right?
Zsolt: But then
Zsolt: display flags. That's fine.
Zsolt: And then inside the navigation element there is an unorder list. Yeah.
Zsolt: So in case of the anode of this, you say, display flags.
Zsolt: There you go. Now they are next to each other.
Zsolt: Now on this
Zsolt: container
Zsolt: they are.
Zsolt: Let's do here, vertical or not vertical, all 9 dobs.
Zsolt: baseline
Zsolt: terrible. Now they are aligned properly, vertically.
Zsolt: and I happen to just know some of these things because I've been
Zsolt: doing Css. Since the late 19 nineties. Okay.
Zsolt: Flexbox is not that the also flex box is coming? Is, is there? Since 2,015 or so, but with some practice you will just not be able to forget it.
Zsolt: So display flags on the unordered list
Zsolt: and
Zsolt: list style
Zsolt: not.
Zsolt: And now you just have text, and these items are next to each other.
Zsolt: Now, the unfortunately, the problem is that for list items
Zsolt: I need to just style all these titles with some margin.
Zsolt: like one audio number. Let's see, there you go.
Zsolt: So let's say I just add the margin right for demonstration purposes.
Zsolt: That's it.
Zsolt: If you want to increase the phone size, be my, be my guess. The phone size
Zsolt: like
Zsolt: 1.5 aria. There, you or 1.25 aria
Zsolt: text operation
Zsolt: long.
Zsolt: Actually, that's not on the list item. So this doesn't work.
Zsolt: but rather on the anchor inside. So
Zsolt: I remove the text decoration from the home. Only so text decoration?
Zsolt: None. There you go. There is no underlining, you see.
Zsolt: so you can do all these things, and it's it's not even close to being hard.
Zsolt: You just need to know where to apply these rules. You'll learn all of them in the coming weeks.
HashemZidan: I have a question.
Zsolt: It's not. Yeah.
HashemZidan: Why did you do it in the inspect element rather than visual studio code?
Zsolt: Because this is just some demo.
Zsolt: So as soon as I reload the page, everything is gone.
HashemZidan: Okay.
Zsolt: So this is not permanent. This is just temporary.
HashemZidan: Oh, okay.
Zsolt: What you can do is you can click on any element
Zsolt: and apply any styles on. For example, the annual dot list.
Zsolt: If you do background color
Zsolt: pink. There you go now. The background color is pink.
HashemZidan: Jordan, and that's Vanessa.
Zsolt: But as soon as you reload the page, it's gonna go back to the original. We use the visuals. You you use the developer tools.
Zsolt: So this inspect element, you see that you right, click, inspect.
Zsolt: and okay, what would it be like if the phone
Zsolt: Ponto
Zsolt: was, let's say comics.
Zsolt: But we have this? No, we don't.
Zsolt: Than the Robocall.
Zsolt: Do we have roboto?
Zsolt: No, we don't.
Zsolt: Then the
Zsolt: what else? Career?
Zsolt: What is this
Zsolt: soul?
Zsolt: That case so
Zsolt: consult us.
Zsolt: Invalid property value, then what kind of font do you have like font?
Zsolt: Maybe it's won't family leave so
Zsolt: form of family.
Zsolt: and then not icon. But let's say, roboto.
Zsolt: yeah. Now you have roboto. There you go. I just messed up the want. It's it's not one family, not one.
Zsolt: So
Zsolt: that. That's how this works.
Zsolt: Basically, all you need to do is just set these basic things up.
Zsolt: And the
Zsolt: of them.
Zsolt: the things are gonna
Zsolt: be displayed in the way how you expect them to be displayed.
Zsolt: But then, after you finish the experimentation, you just quit.
Zsolt: and continue your work, or just copy it over to visual studio code. And then it's gonna become permanent. Right now, it's temporary.
Zsolt: It's not meant to be permanent, right?
Zsolt: Soap.
Zsolt: That's what you usually do.
Zsolt: Okay?
Zsolt: Now.
Zsolt: given, this was just an experiment. And we're not gonna do styling today is just so that you're relieved that you don't exactly have to do this.
Zsolt: but it's
Zsolt: like it's, it's not not even difficult.
Zsolt: You won't need to change the Markov for styling.
Zsolt: So then we're going to continue with the main area.
Zsolt: because with a header we're fine with the header right?
Zsolt: And
Zsolt: by the way, when you finish developing something like the header
Zsolt: on the left. You see these arrows.
Zsolt: and you can just close the header by clicking on the arrow
Zsolt: next to it.
Zsolt: and then you won't be bothered by the header. And you can continue with the main area. You type section dice 5, because we're gonna have 5 sections in total.
Zsolt: So the main area has multiple sections.
Zsolt: Let's see what we have.
Zsolt: The first section
Zsolt: is gonna be a better.
Zsolt: So
Zsolt: I have this thing called the 8 Enrollment. Hdm, equivalent
Zsolt: in the first section. This is it. Place a background image on this section, for example.
Zsolt: and then I have heading to flagship flush.
Zsolt: There you go.
Zsolt: Why? Because the heading. One was already here.
Zsolt: So heading to flagship Posh.
Zsolt: then whatever luxury means on the innovation.
Zsolt: ma'am.
Zsolt: and then bottom
Zsolt: by now
Zsolt: that's just the content. We don't care about images at this stage.
Zsolt: You just care about describing the content as but as but as much as possible.
Zsolt: Okay. And now I got a question
Zsolt: whether I can share the curriculum link. No, I'm not going to share the curriculum link. I'm going to share the cohort for the link.
Zsolt: So
Zsolt: classes.
Zsolt: and
Zsolt: I'll give you the code for the link as usual.
Zsolt: There you go.
Zsolt: inside the cohort folder link.
Zsolt: You go to software engineering curriculum.
Zsolt: and we're finishing the second week because we could have started the third week. But
Zsolt: but on Saturday the class was not food.
Zsolt: It was actually almost empty.
Zsolt: But they'll just loosely follow the curriculum. Not exactly follow it
Zsolt: loosely. Following the curriculum means
Zsolt: but that
Zsolt: for example, we started HTML a bit earlier than usual.
Zsolt: And also, we focus on projects. So I cannot tell you much about the it fundamentals itf plus. It's an overkill long course
Zsolt: that
Zsolt: helps. You know the fundamentals of. If you haven't turned on a computer before, like literally, not in real terms.
Zsolt: then or not literally. Then then it helps you understand what what is going on? That's the company id fundamentals. But
Zsolt: we just focus on practice. So it's Css, and
Zsolt: we've done ux and product management already. By the way, with the user stories and the wireframes.
Zsolt: those considerations are done.
Zsolt: So think of these things
Zsolt: like, it's meant to be flexible like this.
Zsolt: Okay?
Zsolt: And now back to the
Zsolt: application.
Zsolt: So you have this section
Zsolt: by and all.
Zsolt: And then you have more sections.
Zsolt: For example.
Zsolt: we'll add a couple of phones.
Zsolt: So inside the section.
Zsolt: the second section. So we're closing the first section inside the second section, we're going to have beefs.
Zsolt: These are meaningless containers. Everything is a container like header, main section, everything else. They are just containers.
Zsolt: An HDMI div is a meaning glass container. It's not a section. It's not a header.
Zsolt: It's not well
Zsolt: list type of thing. It's not a paragraph, it's not a heading.
Zsolt: it's just to.
Zsolt: It's just a box.
Zsolt: and
Zsolt: we'll add the first cliff.
Zsolt: So, heading to once again
Zsolt: black trip.
Zsolt: blush.
Zsolt: paragraph.
Zsolt: luxury meets innovation.
Zsolt: And then what else do you have
Zsolt: another? An image
Zsolt: IMG. Sends for image.
Zsolt: Don't ask me why
Zsolt: everything else is written perfectly, but image has to be Img, of course, but image was already Img in the early 90 s.
Zsolt: And for the source of the image, we're gonna use this place for that id service.
Zsolt: So here it is, this place for that. It service is actually quite interesting.
Zsolt: If you check it out.
Zsolt: you can generate so-called placeholder images.
Zsolt: Oh, that's interesting. What about this one? Yeah. So placeholder images, you can even specify the background color, which is like light grey, and the phone color, which is black if you wanted to make it blue.
Zsolt: then ff.
Zsolt: now, now the text is booked.
Zsolt: And so.
Zsolt: for example, the opposite of blue is yellow.
Zsolt: So if you wanted to do
Zsolt: this.
Zsolt: then you.
Zsolt: your eyes are gonna be destroyed. But anyway.
Zsolt: so these are the cover codes.
Zsolt: Paul.
Zsolt: but it doesn't matter, so you can get away with the default image as well. It doesn't.
Zsolt: and 200 is a bit. The other 200 is the height. If you want to tie 400
Zsolt: variable.
Zsolt: So this is a service placeholder.
Zsolt: simple placeholder service.
Zsolt: Hopefully, it's not rocket science.
Zsolt: and the
Zsolt: you can create the placeholder dot or placehold.it service. Image yourself. The objective is that once again, we're just focusing on the markup. We're focusing on the HTML. We couldn't care less about what images there are gonna be at the end. And the and the website.
Zsolt: We just take some random image, and we just paste it here.
Zsolt: And then we describe
Zsolt: what's on the image. And this is what's on the image, the title.
Zsolt: and you see that when it doesn't fit, for example, now it didn't fit.
Zsolt: In that case we break the line
Zsolt: and add the attributes like formative like this.
Zsolt: So this image is a tag.
Zsolt: This is the first attribute of the tag, the support source, attribute. This is the odd attribute of the tag.
Zsolt: So these are properties of the image.
Zsolt: This is a key.
Zsolt: and
Zsolt: this on the right. The orange stuff is a value.
Zsolt: and one other thing is that image is a so-called self-closing tag.
Zsolt: You want to send that, for example, heading to as an opening tag and a closing tag, and the heading
Zsolt: tax itself is in between.
Zsolt: Now, in case of image, there is nothing in between the image
Zsolt: tags, because there is just one image tag, and if you add the slash at the end.
Zsolt: it just closes the tangle together.
Zsolt: So this is a closing tag.
Zsolt: If you have learned that you don't have to close the image tag that's absolutely valid as well in HTML is just not logical.
Zsolt: but it's valid. Many people use it like this. I tend to close it because I used to work with xhtml as well in the past.
Zsolt: So that's the placeholder image.
Zsolt: And then you have a paragraph 8, 99, and the bottom by now.
Zsolt: Groups.
Zsolt: So that's that's it for the first, if
Zsolt: and now we have a few more difs.
Zsolt: So second one.
Zsolt: Once again you have a heading, 2 lunch locks.
Zsolt: Luxor Lexi. Yeah. Luxembourg.
Zsolt: fluctuating and really fine.
Zsolt: Is it like with E or we? Just I think it's just kind of
Zsolt: of
Zsolt: is this not editable or what? Oh, yeah, it's currently not editable for me, because I'm
Zsolt: different.
Zsolt: Different account. But anyway, it's it's fine.
Zsolt: So
Zsolt: we'll just use locks. And that's it.
Zsolt: I'm actually redefined, redefined.
Zsolt: There you go.
Zsolt: and we'll have another image. I just copy the image over, because the only difference is the old fax and the we can just
Zsolt: copy the or text.
Zsolt: The base holder image is the same.
Zsolt: and then it has a price 1, 2, 9, 9,
Zsolt: and it has a button
Zsolt: buying off.
Zsolt: Let's see the end result, because
Zsolt: it's kind of intriguing. You see that they we have the banner here.
Zsolt: Then we have the first phone.
Zsolt: Then we have the second phone, and you might be thinking, Okay, that's all fine. But how is this gonna work at the end? So how, how is this gonna become some sort of a
Zsolt: proper website? Because this looks really weird at the moment
Zsolt: it's it's like
Zsolt: reading everything like below each other, but I showed you that it's quite easy
Zsolt: to do styling.
Zsolt: I'll show you once again.
Zsolt: Second section.
Zsolt: What if I place a display flux in here?
Zsolt: There you go. The 2 phones are next to each other already
Zsolt: I had to justify content
Zsolt: space.
Zsolt: You need one of these.
Zsolt: There you go.
Zsolt: So the space is spaced, Eve. Only now.
Zsolt: So you have all these options.
Zsolt: So problem solved.
Zsolt: Some
Zsolt: tourists, it seems like they discovered the seats next to our
Zsolt: apartment at the studio at the same time
Zsolt: I usually call the police on them, but now we have crested, so I won't, because, you know, after midnight, what do tourists do. They shout
Zsolt: like I don't know why.
Zsolt: but they shout sometimes they even drink.
Zsolt: And
Zsolt: you know, if if they have like 10 to 15 people.
Zsolt: It's not an ideal experience.
Zsolt: and my job is not to tell them that they can get away with it, because then they will come back the day after the day after, because it's a cool place.
Zsolt: Fool.
Zsolt: Usually they get some some accompanying correcties.
Zsolt: Okay, but hopefully they will not disturb the class much, and I really hope that they just go away
Zsolt: last.
Zsolt: That's that's the disadvantage of living in a city.
Zsolt: Okay? But we have triple glazing and everything, and everything is close so hopefully it won't. You won't hear it.
Zsolt: Now let's see the third one.
Zsolt: the zenith ball
Zsolt: that's the third item
Zsolt: precision meets for affection.
Zsolt: And by the way, I try to talk to them at times. But there is more than a 50% chance that after I talk to them, they become even louder, and they stay on purpose, especially if they are Mediterranean, like Spanish.
Zsolt: It's it's especially them they. They they just stay on and and they even allow their own purpose.
Zsolt: Okay, then, 7, 99.
Zsolt: And by now
Zsolt: good. Now we have the third phone as well, and not much change on the website. So you will see
Zsolt: that you have lucks and you have done it through.
Zsolt: That's the third one.
Zsolt: and they are gonna be next to each other at the end.
Zsolt: Soul.
Zsolt: you'll see something like this.
Zsolt: yeah, some, some something like this on the website.
Zsolt: So you don't need to focus on the right hand side, like these playlines justify content space evenly. But you see, like, the reason why it's space evenly is that the purple areas have the same width, basically.
Zsolt: So they are spaced. The these items are spaced evenly. So it's even logical.
Zsolt: And then you can set up margins, and you can set up paddings and all these other things.
Zsolt: So it's
Zsolt: gonna be quite natural.
Zsolt: That's fine. Once again there is a mental hurdle of looking at the website. And how is this going to become a proper website?
Zsolt: Because it's really weird?
Zsolt: And then you will figure out that it's not that weird.
Zsolt: Okay, what's next?
Zsolt: Soap
Zsolt: it's time to permit and push. By the way.
Zsolt: good that, I reminded myself.
Zsolt: Get status.
Zsolt: We expect only the index of HTML file to change. And exactly, that's what happened.
Zsolt: Get and don't
Zsolt: bid format minus M.
Zsolt: Heather. And first 2 sections.
Zsolt: Markov.
Zsolt: And you see the double quotes that that minus M stands for message. So this is the commit message.
Zsolt: and then we have gate boots.
Zsolt: and this pushes to
Zsolt: remote to Github.
Zsolt: and in a minute or 2
Zsolt: you will have
Zsolt: the Github version also hosted. So you see, you can already click the link.
Zsolt: And right now this is what's hosted. But if you wait a minute. Open the developer tools and windows control F, 5 on Mac OS. I think it's commander, or you just keep on clicking this.
Zsolt: Then, sooner or later you're gonna get the proper.
Zsolt: the proper value
Zsolt: rather sooner than later. But it takes some time until
Zsolt: until you get the proper value.
Zsolt: Okay, do you have any questions about this? So far? So this
Zsolt: this exercise?
Zsolt: Is it easy? Is it hard? So from a 0 to 10, then it's like absolutely obvious. And you're bored out of your not actually not bored out of your mind. But it's like like, extremely easy and 0 means. It's extremely hard. You will never learn it. Where are you? From? A scale from 0 to 10? Approximately
Zsolt: so write it in the chat. You can also send it as a private message, you can send it as a public message out to you
Zsolt: to solid date.
Zsolt: Yeah, it's not rocket science at all.
Zsolt: but if you see an aid, it shouldn't influence your answer. So if you're like, you don't know what is going on. And
Zsolt: then then then it's a lower number, obviously
Zsolt: so yeah, good. So 5, 9,
Zsolt: and so on.
Zsolt: So usually, HTML, is not the big hurdle? 8. How do you remember all the comments?
Zsolt: You spent 20 years in the industry.
Zsolt: and, believe me, you will remember most of it. And even then I messed up phones because I wrote phone, not phone. Is it Phones family. I think it's Fun family.
Zsolt: But there is a reason why I don't remember a font family.
Zsolt: How often do I set up the font of a website
Zsolt: wants.
Zsolt: So I have a project. I usually maintain, not websites like this one, but web applications that we build for 6, 7, 8 years.
Zsolt: And
Zsolt: I don't switch companies that often, either.
Zsolt: Soap.
Zsolt: I've been with the same company for the fifth year already.
Zsolt: It's an all-star company.
Zsolt: Before that
Zsolt: I was in another company for 7 plus years, although the that company was sold to another one.
Zsolt: and technically they were 2 separate companies. But I was in the same office with the same people, doing the exact same thing
Zsolt: 7 years.
Zsolt: and throughout those 7 years
Zsolt: I maintain the same application
Zsolt: throughout those 5 years
Zsolt: maintain the same application.
Zsolt: So in the last 5 years, in total, I had to do deal with like 2 applications in total on the job.
Zsolt: No, actually, there was a third one, because that was a side project.
Zsolt: So
Zsolt: obviously, how often did I have to set up the font?
Zsolt: Not even once, because those applications existed already that already they were not Greenfield applications.
Zsolt: So basically never.
Zsolt: we don't just include a second phone to our third phone. That's why I don't remember the font family there.
Zsolt: but I can look it up.
Zsolt: and I can remember other things quite easily.
Zsolt: For example, we use Flexbox like on a regular basis. Obviously, in case of flex box.
Zsolt: I know the comments inside out.
Zsolt: If you want to know the comments at least as well as I do.
Zsolt: then go to Flexbox, Zombies.
Zsolt: Google, Flexbox zombies.
Zsolt: I think it's 2.0 now.
Zsolt: Animations. Whatever play it, it's a game.
Zsolt: I'll put it in the chat.
Zsolt: I won't demonstrate it, because it's kind of loud, so
Zsolt: sound.
Zsolt: But it's it's it's a. It's an amazing game
Zsolt: where you basically humped for
Zsolt: zombies. That's why it's called flags, box zombies.
Zsolt: and the the way how you hunt for flex book for zone. This is with Flexbox commands.
Zsolt: So you execute flexbox comments. And and and basically, if your those comments are correct and the zombies are shot.
Zsolt: that's the game.
Zsolt: and it's quite a good game. By the way, it's funny game, flexible zombies.
Zsolt: There is another one called Flexbox, 4 key.
Zsolt: but I think flexbook. So zombies are
Zsolt: better, somewhat better.
Zsolt: So let's see 7 to 9, just a little slow at times will likely get better. Once I plug into my secondary monitor, I need to get elements stick, I think. Yeah.
Zsolt: flex was command the comments, or is it a specific area? So we'll learn about Flexbox a bit later. The idea is.
Zsolt: let's see flags, box.
Zsolt: cheat sheet.
Zsolt: Here it is. This is one of the best cheat sheets that you can. You can
Zsolt: use
Zsolt: Css strings.com cheat sheet. Let's post cheat.
Zsolt: Yeah, except I don't mind.
Zsolt: and I'll send you the change sheet itself.
Zsolt: and let's see what flex box is. So what flex box does is that you have a container? That's a purple stuff.
Zsolt: and you have the orange items, Facebook's items.
Zsolt: and then you can position these boxes horizontally or vertically.
Zsolt: with plex rapid breaks the line
Zsolt: with
Zsolt: justify content. You place the inner orange content like to the start, to the end, to the center space between. Let's like this space around. It's like one unit on the left, one unit on the right for each item
Zsolt: space. Evenly you saw it.
Zsolt: You can change the order. I hardly ever do this.
Zsolt: You can grow and shrink different items with respect to what
Zsolt: the zooming is.
Zsolt: Align items, positions along the cross axis, so horizontal flex boxes, position vertically for vertical flex boxes, you position horizontally.
Zsolt: stretches the default. It stretches. All the items. Center is centers. Remember, in the menu we use baseline. This is the baseline, so that the text. The baseline of the text is the organizational principle.
Zsolt: Oh, and I had to place the flex box Css. Tricks to everyone. Not not just yeah. Now, now it's for everyone.
Zsolt: So you see that we have all these options. And this is a great cheat sheet
Zsolt: summary on Flexbox. So it's a layouting tool to position boxes
Zsolt: hope early.
Zsolt: hopefully, it's clear like this.
Zsolt: I'm good.
Zsolt: Any other questions on Linux boxes.
Zsolt: or is it clear at the moment
Zsolt: or not? Flags books, but the HTML, css.
Zsolt: because, if not, we're going to move forward
Zsolt: and we'll continue with the next section cause we have quite a few more sections left.
Zsolt: so.
HashemZidan: I actually have a question.
HashemZidan: So so far, everything you've been showing us is like HTML and css, right like for example, all the changes that were made today are just HTML, Css. Or something.
Zsolt: Elsa book.
Zsolt: Yeah.
Zsolt: this is just HTML,
Zsolt: Css. Was just what I showed you on the browser. Yes, and nothing else.
HashemZidan: Got it. Got it. Yeah. So Css is just like, you know, just the way things look like the color and and things like that.
Zsolt: Add animations.
HashemZidan: Animations.
Zsolt: Like
Zsolt: and show you. For example.
Zsolt: here is the plush person. No, where is it? Actually, we can check the plush site now it's now it's hosted. You see
Zsolt: animations. For example, imagine there is this image in here.
Zsolt: And if I say.
Zsolt: Hi, mg.
Zsolt: phone over
Zsolt: transform
Zsolt: scale 1.2,
Zsolt: the
Zsolt: transition duration.
Zsolt: I don't even have to explain what this means to just read the transition duration.
Zsolt: 0 point 2s
Zsolt: like this.
Zsolt: On all images.
HashemZidan: That's interesting.
Zsolt: It can also do some something like transform.
Zsolt: Translate
Zsolt: 200 pixels.
Zsolt: 0
Zsolt: Amal
Zsolt: moves to the right.
Zsolt: although it's kind of complicated. Okay, let's just do like 50 pixels. Because the reason why you saw this figuring is that you move the mouse cursor on it.
Zsolt: But if I move it on the left. You see this problem that it tries to animate it. But it's not on hover over means that the most cursor is over. The element, you see, and if we approach it from the left.
Zsolt: then it's not gonna be over the element. So we have to be careful. But on the right. You see, it's it's continuous.
Zsolt: So this is also Css.
HashemZidan: Let's say you wanted to move it to the left. Would it be the same thing.
Zsolt: Almost, it says, minus 50.
HashemZidan: Oh, wow!
HashemZidan: That's pretty cool!
Zsolt: But the problem on the right. Actually, there is no problem on the right. Yeah, there is this problem on the right.
Zsolt: So you can do all these things.
Zsolt: or you can do like transform
Zsolt: skew
Zsolt: 40 degrees.
Zsolt: 80 degree groups. Let's see what that means.
Zsolt: And you you even see this, you click on this circle.
Zsolt: and then you can do anything. So
Zsolt: oh, that's a problem about the shame.
Zsolt: There is No. 360, because 360 is 0.
Zsolt: You know we have a foreign minister like, called Anna Lena Bear Book. You know.
Zsolt: She says that that book he needs to turn C. And 360 degrees with his approach.
Zsolt: But 360 is 0. So it's isn't the same place where he used to be so politicians and math, they just don't go hand in hand.
Zsolt: But here you have the full circle at 2 70 degrees.
Zsolt: Then you have this queuing, and it's it's like all over the place, and you have all these things, and if you want the cheat sheet, css, cheat sheet.
Zsolt: I think it's on HTML chichi.com. Yeah, exactly. HTML, css, HTML chichi.com slash css
Zsolt: interactive street sheet. Not a Pdf.
Zsolt: so I'll give you this one, too.
Zsolt: And
Zsolt: if you wonder if you should remember all these things like all these rules, actually not.
Zsolt: you just look at what's possible. Do you want book schedule? Okay, let's move it to the right
Zsolt: down a bit.
Zsolt: spread it. Don't spread it. Good question. Blur it more possible. This is all ugly. But anyway, let's make it OP, like, let's increase, make it like semi transparent.
Zsolt: But, by the way, we usually have, like a small numbers. Okay, so 5,
Zsolt: 5
Zsolt: spread is fine like 5.
Zsolt: Blur is not 24, but something smaller.
Zsolt: Capacity is readable.
Zsolt: and it should be even smaller, because now it looks like as if it was dirty. It's not a shadow, it's like dirty. So it's a generator. Is not that easy but inset. It looks better, actually
Zsolt: see, it's as if it was 3 dimensional.
Zsolt: And you can just play around with this gradient. There you go. What kind of gradient do you want to do?
Zsolt: And then you specify the colors. You specify the transitions, radio, gradient, linear, gradient.
Zsolt: all sorts of gradients.
Zsolt: I don't even know how to write a linear gradient properly without help.
Zsolt: not this cheeky because visual studio what has built in Hub.
Zsolt: And then you have text shadow. That's the next thing like, move. You move the shadow on the text. That's also Css.
Zsolt: and this transform, you see, scale.
Zsolt: rotate.
Zsolt: rotate things
Zsolt: all the way to. Oh, actually, they have 360 degrees. Okay.
Zsolt: 40min there will be
Zsolt: happy
Zsolt: to justify survivors or costs.
Zsolt: Okay.
Zsolt: no.
Zsolt: And those are.
HashemZidan: Bands right under it, right.
Zsolt: Yeah, exactly. And then you just copy paste. With the exception of this is kind of outdated. So whenever you see this minus minus Webkit, minus minus all minus. That's opera.
Zsolt: Ms is Microsoft. You don't need any of these anymore.
Zsolt: You just need the last one.
Zsolt: because because it's now browser compatibility is good enough.
Zsolt: They're in a modern world, not not in an Internet explorer world.
Zsolt: It was like long time ago, the Internet explorer word.
Zsolt: I worked in that area. So my first front and development job was about maintaining and creating websites that were
Zsolt: that had to be viewed on Internet explorers, too.
Zsolt: That's on. That's when I named the that browser Internet explorer.
Zsolt: because whenever I view the website in it, it just exploded into 1,000 pieces.
Zsolt: Second.
Zsolt: okay, so you have all these properties. This is another option.
Zsolt: and
Zsolt: borders outlines all these things.
Zsolt: But you don't.
Zsolt: You don't need. In fact, I'm not using so I hardly ever use this cheat sheet anymore. I only use it for demonstration purposes. If you have no idea how to get started with this whole like. HTML, css, thing.
Zsolt: then it help. It's gonna help for a while. But afterwards you will learn like
Zsolt: also css, basic styling is quite easy. So for example.
Zsolt: Let's see.
Zsolt: let's let's give it a try.
Zsolt: I'll I'll give you some magic, but it doesn't always work.
Zsolt: But actually you can trick me as well with it quite easily.
Zsolt: Not as if you want to take me. But look at this. Suppose
Zsolt: suppose the following
Zsolt: Hdmr code is ebony.
Zsolt: and then you base the HDMI code
Zsolt: glasses.
Zsolt: Total
Zsolt: HTML notes
Zsolt: that you choose to style
Zsolt: and
Zsolt: create a starship.
Zsolt: that this place
Zsolt: the 3 biffs.
Zsolt: you know, flat next to each other
Zsolt: in a flex box.
Zsolt: These 3 diffs
Zsolt: are supposed to be
Zsolt: cell phone models
Zsolt: that the user can select
Zsolt: on the buy.
Zsolt: create both the HTML and the Css. Group.
Zsolt: and it does everything
Zsolt: with explanations.
Zsolt: isn't it? Mind blowing?
Zsolt: Let's see the result.
Zsolt: And it misunderstood things a bit because it created the whole HDMI. Not just a section.
Zsolt: and I told it to annotate with it. With classes. Classic was 4 models. Classic was 4, model name, description, model image price, and so on. It gave classes. These are classes.
Zsolt: and the reason why we use these classes is that when we write Css. In that case we use these classes here, and you write a.in front of it. That's the so called class selector. It selects every single doc document node in the HTML that has this has this phone models class. In fact, there is only one. And look at this. What what is it doing? Display? Flex?
Zsolt: It's it's somehow I'm wondering if, like, you know, for basic HDMI, Css.
Zsolt: it's a lot of people think that software developer jobs are obsolete because strategy can generate this. But it's not true. Actually, this is like basic work. Okay, it's not rocket science to write css, like this.
Zsolt: Why, you studied it. It is rocket science, obviously to remember some of these things. But
Zsolt: the sale?
Zsolt: No.
Zsolt: but
Zsolt: let's see.
Zsolt: let's do.
Zsolt: Let's do a demonstration code. Panda dial.
Zsolt: and I won't go to visual studio code. I just create a code back
Zsolt: and let me copy it
Zsolt: over from Chat. Jbd, so quote numbers in a way that you just copy whatever is inside the body. You don't need the whole whole HTML markup.
Zsolt: So there you go. You have the section. Everything is displayed just like before
Zsolt: then? No.
Zsolt: the Css part.
Zsolt: So I copy the Css
Zsolt: bureaucr.
Zsolt: And yeah.
Zsolt: it's kind of okay for that purpose. Buttons are blue.
Zsolt: prices are blue.
Zsolt: and then
Zsolt: like
Zsolt: move the prices price and the buy. Now
Zsolt: buttons next to each other.
Zsolt: HTML stays the same.
Zsolt: No, it doesn't, because, it added the diff. It's in the tutorial as well. I added the diff, too.
Zsolt: so it seems like now they are next to each other. Right?
Zsolt: And let let me copy the HTML. Let me copy the Css.
Zsolt: So body section.
Zsolt: So I'll add the HTML.
Zsolt: Based.
Zsolt: and I'll also add the Css.
Zsolt: The Updated Css.
Zsolt: Now the price and the buy now, button are next to each other exactly.
Zsolt: Then
Zsolt: keep the exact same HD amount.
Zsolt: Make the
Zsolt: website
Zsolt: more colorful.
Zsolt: but
Zsolt: creating a luxury
Zsolt: locals for you
Zsolt: and
Zsolt: return
Zsolt: the
Zsolt: we'll define Css.
Zsolt: And now we'll see.
Zsolt: It seems like it's doing some colors.
Zsolt: And it explained what it did.
Zsolt: So
Zsolt: we changed a Css
Zsolt: is that luxury luxurious? It doesn't look like luxurious.
Zsolt: What's on everything?
Zsolt: Come on. This is far from
Zsolt: being luxurious.
Zsolt: Get inspired
Zsolt: by the colors.
Zsolt: Our phone, Samos.
Zsolt: Jps lotus
Zsolt: from 1986,
Zsolt: just saying, like
Zsolt: Samuel, locals, 1986
Zsolt: feels like this.
Zsolt: gold and black.
Zsolt: Okay.
Zsolt: long time ago, I know.
Zsolt: And now let's see what it does.
Zsolt: Well, it did the job.
Zsolt: I didn't say it's black and gold, right?
Zsolt: Kind of got inspired by the correct correct colors.
Zsolt: So it's
Zsolt: look at the question. Come on. This is far from being. Luxury is getting inspired by the color, since it sent us Jps loaders from 1986, and it found this similar colors like it's, it's not not that cold.
Zsolt: not that type of goal, but it understood what what it had to do. Now
Zsolt: think about. Think about what else you can. You can. You can do
Zsolt: as a complete beginner.
Zsolt: So as soon as you understand where to put the issue and where to put the Css. And where to modify things.
Zsolt: then it's gonna be all fine.
Zsolt: But the problem is that
Zsolt: that you still cannot use this tool like perfectly, because the problem is that
Zsolt: you cannot protect yourself from pre plagiarism
Zsolt: because the tool cannot give you the sources.
Zsolt: Sometimes it just steal stuff straight away from existing websites.
Zsolt: And that's that's kind of a big problem, right?
Zsolt: That you never know
Zsolt: the original source.
Zsolt: And that's a relatively big difficulty with Chat. Gpd.
Zsolt: so even though it looks exciting in reality, it's not that exciting.
Zsolt: because you still need to do the job yourself.
Zsolt: That's something.
Zsolt: Okay, getting back to the tutorial. We need to make some some progress in the HTML.
Zsolt: So
Zsolt: then we have the next sections. There is nothing new in here. So it's like we have heading to a paragraph and image battery life, safety redefined normal. Where plus AI, your phone is your assistant and modular broken screen. No problem.
Zsolt: I just copy. Paste this inside so that we don't waste much time.
Zsolt: There's the next section.
Zsolt: and I'll place it for now, actually, it's including the section. So it's the next section is. So
Zsolt: third section, is it? But yeah, it's a third section
Zsolt: and save.
Zsolt: So they've
Zsolt: funny for our battery life.
Zsolt: but it has this kind of weirdness. Right?
Zsolt: Informative. What is this
Zsolt: world better?
Zsolt: I don't know. I'm I'm not used to this type of paragraph formatting.
Zsolt: but an event
Zsolt: with some with some extra care
Zsolt: we can take care of the
Zsolt: paragraph port.
Zsolt: and then you see that we have yet another section in here
Zsolt: and not in the deployed version, because there we haven't committed push that
Zsolt: but locally, you see, battery life, safety plus AI modular.
Zsolt: So that's another one.
Zsolt: and then what else do we have?
Zsolt: So
Zsolt: you have a bottom banner, a call to Action Section.
Zsolt: Did I miss something? I think he has the
Zsolt: tagline. There is a tagline section. I forgot to add the Tagline section. It's in between the
Zsolt: 2 sections. So just another heading to when there's another paragraph.
Zsolt: Why is it there?
Zsolt: Because so we had this image somewhere.
Zsolt: this image.
Zsolt: and there was a tagline in here.
Zsolt: So that's that's a tagline that we are missing.
Zsolt: And then this is gonna be the call to Action board.
Zsolt: soul.
Zsolt: We will create the call to action. It's another section
Zsolt: with,
Zsolt: Some comment.
Zsolt: and I'm heading to flagship Posh and so on.
Zsolt: That's the fifth section.
Zsolt: these green stuff. So less than sign
Zsolt: exclamation mark minus minus you write comments and and HTML ignores it. This is just for maintenance purposes.
Zsolt: for maintainability purposes.
Zsolt: And I'm having 2
Zsolt: flagship flush
Zsolt: and then paragraph.
Zsolt: And then what else?
Zsolt: Button by now.
Zsolt: Yeah.
Zsolt: And then you have this bottom section. We're going to decorate it with images and everything.
Zsolt: And then the slash main. It's done.
Zsolt: Then comes the full dirt.
Zsolt: So and the footer.
Zsolt: we basically repeat what was in the header. So we are the navigational element.
Zsolt: What will style them as footer links
Zsolt: on order list
Zsolt: inside and all those you have 5 list items.
Zsolt: But remember that inside the list items
Zsolt: you have anchors
Zsolt: where the H. Of attribute is a hash mark.
Zsolt: and you do it 5 times
Zsolt: if you don't know how to generate this, don't worry. You just type these things this time so you could have done it like this. Like all I have
Zsolt: 8. Them
Zsolt: add the hash mark, and then you write the text and then go to the next line, Li, tab a tab. You add the hash mark here you type the text, and so on.
Zsolt: It's you could save like 10s with or 20s with the auto generate.
Zsolt: So don't worry about not being able to generate this.
Zsolt: So under the boom
Zsolt: phone's features, virtual contact
Zsolt: welcome.
Zsolt: And I'll let the first one as a bot.
Zsolt: not as if it was like important. It's just we stay on the same page.
Zsolt: and with that we're finished
Zsolt: the HTML port.
Zsolt: So get status
Zsolt: with a dog
Zsolt: mid comment time, son.
Zsolt: No
Zsolt: home website, markup.
Zsolt: We'll go off
Zsolt: with fish.
Zsolt: So you see, once again, these like, get messages if you make like one to one to 10 comets a day for the next
Zsolt: 20 years.
Zsolt: No, maybe like 10 years or 8, because I didn't always use it myself, either.
Zsolt: Then maybe you will not have to think at all.
Zsolt: So you know the competence model. Right?
Zsolt: So
Zsolt: phone buttons.
Zsolt: mobile.
Zsolt: unconscious incompetence, it starts with unconscious incompetence.
Zsolt: Yeah, that's it.
Zsolt: So unconscious incompetence is when you don't know when you don't. You don't know what you don't know.
Zsolt: It's like my first ever go kart race.
Zsolt: I thought that that was amazing.
Zsolt: because I qualified. Fourth out of 12 we had like 12 drivers, and I qualified. Fourth.
Zsolt: it turned out that I just got lucky, and it I just got like a one tenth of a second or something. I thought that I had a chance of winning.
Zsolt: And then the standing start came, and everyone just went past me, and then they pushed me aside a bit because they knew how to how to like race.
Zsolt: And after this, the first corner, I was like ninth or something.
Zsolt: But I was after I was 19 away that 2 drivers crashed out. So I should. I was effectively 11 from position 4.
Zsolt: I didn't know what they I didn't even know what I didn't know. Same thing with some of you were H on HTML, Css. Or Chpd. For that matter.
Zsolt: Then you come to class.
Zsolt: and you understand what you don't know. For example, by listening to these sessions, and then you conclude that oh, I would not be able to do it myself without a lot of practice.
Zsolt: So this unconscious incompetence becomes conscious incompetence.
Zsolt: So now you know what you don't know.
Zsolt: and then you study and practice a lot
Zsolt: and create your projects, and then you finish your projects, and you get graded
Zsolt: and incompetence becomes competence.
Zsolt: So essentially, you're not like a politician anymore. It actually can get something done.
Zsolt: So conscious competence.
Zsolt: and
Zsolt: Then the difference between you and me
Zsolt: in terms of writing css, or HTML,
Zsolt: is that
Zsolt: you know how to write HTML and css, now.
Zsolt: but you still have to think about it.
Zsolt: And the next step. And and this is where I told you that it's the next 10 years, or 5 years or 20 years, or whatever
Zsolt: that
Zsolt: conscious competence
Zsolt: becomes unconscious competence. It's like you just know it. You don't even have to think about it
Zsolt: like speaking a language.
Zsolt: I have a very hard time
Zsolt: like recognizing
Zsolt: even Japanese letters.
Zsolt: I know that.
Zsolt: For example, let's say online paid.
Zsolt: Let's see JS. payne.com.
Zsolt: Oh, that's Microsoft paint amazing. I know that. For example, if you have something like this.
Zsolt: that's the
Zsolt: syllable car.
Zsolt: you don't come off.
Zsolt: Oh, let's see?
Zsolt: Yeah, it was like a different different accent. But it's basically you recognize, right? This
Zsolt: horizontal this way and then this.
Zsolt: So
Zsolt: yeah.
Zsolt: the
Zsolt: the thing is that I could read a couple of words, and I could speak a couple of sentences, because, I was kind of involved in anima
Zsolt: or anime, or whatever.
Zsolt: like
Zsolt: once again 20 years ago.
Zsolt: But
Zsolt: my knowledge is like so faded that if I had to have to interpret any Japanese text even to pronounce it.
Zsolt: It would take me quite a while.
Zsolt: Same thing with the HDMI. Css.
Zsolt: So you learn it. You have to think about it, and one day you won't have to think about it anymore.
Zsolt: And that's
Zsolt: by the way, that's not necessarily boot camp territory. It may be after the boot camp as well.
Zsolt: because it's continuous practice.
Zsolt: Alright, then.
Zsolt: I think that, given that, we're done with HTML,
Zsolt: the next thing we are gonna do. And it's not gonna be today
Zsolt: there is this tool called Kamba.
Zsolt: So register an account on Combo.
Zsolt: and then you'll be able to create like image images like this one.
Zsolt: So let's create some, some straightforward like
Zsolt: images. Just as an example. So, for example.
Zsolt: home
Zsolt: duplicate this image somehow
Zsolt: and may maybe I'll just create a new one. So file
Zsolt: create new design.
Zsolt: custom, size.
Zsolt: and it's the same like with
Zsolt: 300 height, 500.
Zsolt: So here is the custom, size image that you can see?
Zsolt: And let's say it's a phone model
Zsolt: more than 4.
Zsolt: And they go to photos.
Zsolt: modern form.
Zsolt: And there you go. This is like some sort of a modern phone.
Zsolt: huh?
Zsolt: And then you go like edit portal.
Zsolt: And let's see, there it will go first.
Zsolt: You can do quite a lot of things with the photo itself
Zsolt: slow.
Zsolt: So
Zsolt: magic edit
Zsolt: brush over the area area to edit.
Zsolt: Then I'm like, describe it.
Zsolt: They need the brushed.
Zsolt: There we go.
Zsolt: Only one.
Zsolt: Make the background
Zsolt: transparent.
Zsolt: Generate.
Zsolt: This is Combo.
Zsolt: Take some time.
Zsolt: but it has some understanding problems, so it's not like judging it. There you go.
Zsolt: It deleted the frame.
Zsolt: Look up the rest.
Zsolt: Okay, so that's magic at it. You see that? It's not that good
Zsolt: but magic eraser. That's actually better. Brush size 20.
Zsolt: I go on the race.
Zsolt: We don't even need to specify this. Or can we do a larger brush brush size, maybe.
Zsolt: Oh, yeah. And the AI tool is already doing this. Okay?
Zsolt: And it takes some time.
Zsolt: Yeah, just delete everything. You.
Zsolt: I fully delete everything
Zsolt: I just want to keep the left
Zsolt: to understand.
Zsolt: although my hopes are going to be shattered because AI doesn't understand anything
Zsolt: like I mean, you know, Deletion, it doesn't mean that you keep the shades, or whatever it just delete.
Zsolt: Anyway, sometimes you need to debate quite a lot with these AI tools.
Zsolt: Okay.
Zsolt: now.
Zsolt: close enough.
Zsolt: Let's do it this way.
Zsolt: And now you have this form
Zsolt: and then bg, remover.
Zsolt: I hope it doesn't keep. Yeah, exactly. You see, it removed the right hand side finally.
Zsolt: So we have a phone image.
Zsolt: You have a one month trial on Combo. By the way, that's not paid
Zsolt: per account that you created.
Zsolt: But you didn't hear it for me.
Zsolt: Okay.
Zsolt: actually, I'm a paid subscriber of combo because I use it for business
Zsolt: then
Zsolt: and but I don't have time to deal with Photoshop. So
Zsolt: I used to work with Photoshop in the past.
Zsolt: But it's like, I really don't have time for it.
Zsolt: The Photoshop gives you so slightly better quality and more customizability options.
Zsolt: But this is better.
Zsolt: This is better in a sense that for simple tasks like this.
Zsolt: and then let's see some
Zsolt: mountains.
Zsolt: Okay, some Swiss phone or something. Right?
Zsolt: Let's see, here is a beak.
Zsolt: We keep this one
Zsolt: now right? Click.
Zsolt: set images, background.
Zsolt: Unfortunately, we cannot see the peak.
Zsolt: but if you modify things a bit.
Zsolt: then we will see the peak as well.
Zsolt: Okay. And by the way, you can also rotate and do these things like quite easily.
Zsolt: This is a real tool. We don't use comma for bio framing. By the way, it's different.
Zsolt: But we use Kamba for like creating these images, and they look quite good.
Zsolt: And then, let's see, do we have
Zsolt: gone off?
Zsolt: Yeah, we do. We have a Gandalf, and the Gandalf is fighting with the demons of the top of the mountain. Yeah, we can do that.
Zsolt: That's not the real Gandalf, though.
Zsolt: Okay.
Zsolt: so now you see
Zsolt: what does
Zsolt: going on, and what options we have.
Zsolt: and the
Zsolt: and elements
Zsolt: you can add, for example, this decoration
Zsolt: for the summit. There you go.
Zsolt: and then you have this
Zsolt: or
Zsolt: whatever
Zsolt: I can find a pair
Zsolt: edit photo. Bg, remover. And then you just keep the bear.
Zsolt: You know the pay how it's and it enters more to accomplish that toasty guy, you know.
Zsolt: Or
Zsolt: even better.
Zsolt: there is this other bar code.
Zsolt: Remove the background.
Zsolt: Okay, I'll debate with the the
Zsolt: AI tool a bit
Zsolt: magic edit.
Zsolt: and it's like whole image.
Zsolt: Describe it.
Zsolt: If it's a banner.
Zsolt: remove the 3.
Zsolt: It cannot be easier than this. Right?
Zsolt: That's not what I meant.
Zsolt: It doesn't recognize the bear. That's the problem.
Zsolt: Yeah, not good.
Zsolt: Then we won't have a backup. But you got got the idea. You can do all these things.
Zsolt: They're on the phone. There you go. It works.
Zsolt: Okay.
Zsolt: soaked.
Zsolt: You have quite a lot of options.
Zsolt: You have some elements.
Zsolt: For example, if you have a
Zsolt: price tag.
Zsolt: there you go.
Zsolt: We rotate. It somehow
Zsolt: is difficult, because a phone is kind of large.
Zsolt: What which shift you can change. This dimension!
Zsolt: No, actually, let's keep the dimensions more or less
Zsolt: and center it.
Zsolt: That price tag doesn't look good anyway.
Zsolt: this one is not better.
Zsolt: not not good either.
Zsolt: I'm bum
Zsolt: you place this badge in here.
Zsolt: Then you add some text like
Zsolt: gold
Zsolt: this.
Zsolt: and this way you make a luxury. Phones right cheap like.
Zsolt: see?
Zsolt: Not cheap like dollar amount cheap, but rather
Zsolt: the design.
Zsolt: Let's make this somewhat lighter. Yeah.
Zsolt: yeah, it's design wise. We can make a lot of changes, because exactly what you see, I'm just.
Zsolt: I'm just demonstrating the capabilities of the tool.
Zsolt: and you can do surprising things with it.
Zsolt: You can upload your own images as well
Zsolt: and do quite a lot of things in general.
Zsolt: It can also generate images. Okay, so with that, if you prefer
Zsolt: done long.
Zsolt: You can generate a couple of images for phones like this.
Zsolt: preferably better than this one.
Zsolt: So that that's an option. You can just try out Combo, and then then you'll see how how this works.
Zsolt: And with that, given that we have this. We have the Saturday session, and we have today's session as well, and stop screen sharing.
Zsolt: and I'll also stop recording.
Zsolt: So we'll continue on Saturday. Don't forget the Saturday session. Usual time, I know, like
Zsolt: this is like week 2. So not that usual. Yet for some of you.
Zsolt: I will be there either way. So, regardless of how you are notified.
Zsolt: So.
Zsolt: this was week 2, session, 2, not week, 3, session one. This is still week, 2, session 2. So we're joining Saturday session. And today's session into one. So we're finishing a bit earlier.
Zsolt: and enjoy your evening. Continue on Saturday. Have a good one, bye.